Hello,

We are a ImagiNation, a First Lego League (FLL) team from Maryland called Imagi-Nation. FLL is a STEM program for elementary and middle schoolers where we build LEGO robots and do something like a science fair project. The topic for the project this year is improving interaction between animals and people. We had an idea to help people communicate with their pets from long distances, and we came across your GPS pet tracker. We wanted to contact you because we hoped we could learn from you to improve our research for the project and so we could share our ideas for improving the Whistle GPS tracker. There are two main improvements that we've come up with. First, we think there could be a more advanced version of your product for search and rescue dogs. This version could have a live camera feed and the ability to record and send messages. We spoke with a local search and rescue team and learned that they have some equipment like this, but it is expensive and impractical. The other idea is to add a way for the owner to send a signal to the dog, where the dog would be trained to do certain things when a sound is played from the device. We thought that this would be pretty easy for you to add, since the Whistle already has most of the features and components needed to do it. This feature would be helpful for communicating with your dog, even if they are not lost. We would really appreciate any feedback and advice that you might have for us for our project.

Thanks so much,
ImagiNation (Quinn, Roger, Reid, Aman, Anna, Cindy, Lila, Heidi, and Leighanna)
